So in the study you do two kinds
of tasks. The first type is. You
will see a complex scene.
Imagine that you're describing
it to someone who cannot see the
picture.
Tell me what is happening and
what you see, and this much in
as much detail as possible. I
would time us so by 5 minutes
I'll just ask you to stop, but
take between three and five
minutes.
And describe it as best as you
can.
Oh wow. Yeah, it's a lot
happening here, OK.
Alright. Um, should I go ahead
and start? OK.
#START_deep_sea_divers It's very
colorful.
With.
With a variety of colors being
used.
Umm.
The picture in the print is very
detailed and fine. Like small
fine.
It is a scene of something
aquatic. So the top part of the
picture is sea level or above
and the bottom 2/3 of the
picture are below the water to
the to to I guess the the sea
floor.
There are.
Multiple.
I guess they're different
people. There are multiple.
It looks like I can't tell if
it's men and women, but there
are multiple people and they're
indifferent.
They're repeated throughout the
picture. For instance, there are
several people in one boat, but
there's.
Let's see. I might just have to
move you just to see 123.
I believe there's 19 boats in
the picture and the boats are
either red and white stripes
horizontally.
Blue and white stripes
horizontally or green and white
stripes horizontally?
It's it's is it like a isn't
like a walk where's Waldo?
Waldo. Yeah. So it's like a
where's Waldo type of a picture
that's why I thought initially
and then I was like and then the
the the same striped colors that
are on the boats are the
clothing the same patterns of
clothing that the difference it
made it it's hard to tell if
it's men and women or whether
it's.
Just men, but the people are
wearing either red and white
striped pants or clothing, green
and white stripes, or blue and
white stripes. There are also
there are mermaids throughout.
The mermaids have yellow blonde
hair with a green fin and tail.
There are other sea creatures.
There are several different
types of fish. Some are yellow,
some are orange, some are red,
some are blue.
There are.
It looks like maybe.
Oysters or clams?
There are. There's at least one
shark. There's at least one
octopus.
There are.
Let's see.
There are, see, I don't. They
kind of look like coral, like
sea plant type things.
There's.
And there's Nets, there's, I
swear there's canes in there as
well. Sometimes the, the, the
different people are holding
different things. There are some
Canes, there's some Nets.
Um, there's actually a hand at
the bottom sea floor that's
growing. It appears to be
growing out of like a coral
plant.
There is.
A treasure chest.
There is.
There's some other random.
Items like I see an ice skate, I
see jellyfish.
Uh.
Well, I can see. And the the
people are all doing different
things. So when they're in the
boats, there are some that are a
lot of them are holding fish,
fishing poles.
There are also on the top part
of the picture some rock
formations that are above the
water and the there are people
who are on the rock formation
sitting there, some of them are
holding fishing poles there.
#END_deep_sea_divers Is that
this. OK, that's good. OK, OK.
Next. That's hard, yeah.
Yeah, OK.
#START_waldo_1 Alright, should I
go ahead and start? Yes. OK,
this appears to be another
where's Waldo seemed.
Picture this picture is.
Above is if you're looking down
into a city like a a main part
of the city. In the center of
the picture there is. It's not a
square, it's a triangle with a
fountain. A fountain like a
water, not a water fountain you
would drink out of, but a water
fountain that's round, that
sprays water out. There are cars
that are going around the
triangle.
And on each side of the
triangle, there are different
buildings, some of which are
businesses. There's a Barber
shop, it looks like maybe
there's a bookstore. There
appears to be like an open air
market on one side of the
triangle. On another side. It
looks as if there might be a
hotel. There's a house. No,
maybe that's not a house.
That's.
The garage slash gas station.
And there's again, you'll see
this theme of the red and white
striped, the blue and white
striped and the green and white
striped throughout their used on
the coverings that the market
for the tents, they're used on
awnings on the buildings.
There are.
There are men and women in
they're all dressed.
Differently. They're not dressed
like the last picture. I can
tell that there's different
races of people in this picture
as well. There are there's a
statue on the triangle next to
the fountain. There's there's a
school in the distance that the
children go to.
There are different vehicles.
There's a bus, there's cars,
there's trucks, there's some
bicycles.
There are on one of the
buildings, there are men who are
washing the windows and washing
the side of the building.
They're on ladders. There are.
Let's see, there's.
There's kind of people all over
walking dogs, using canes,
playing the violin, riding their
bicycle, reading the newspaper,
dining outside at a table from a
cafe, running, holding hands
with.
With another person.
Somebody's working on a car.
People are window gazing,
they're entering and exiting the
buildings. They're waving and
talking to each other.
They're shopping at the market.
There's people working inside of
an office building that is being
the windows are being cleaned.
You can see them at their desk
typing on the phone.
There's it looks on one building
that there might be firemen who
are trying to get to a fire
because they have hoses and
they're on the roof. There are
people also that are stranded on
the roof of the hotel. So I'm
assuming that there might be a
fire in that building.
There's birds, there are there's
an accident between two cars on
the street. #END_waldo_1
You can stop now. OK, alright,
so next.
We'll go into graphic novels.
There will be series of pictures
that tell a story. Again,
describe what you see and what
is happening in detail. At most
will be 30 pages, but most are a
lot shorter.
Will take around 10 to 15
minutes.
OK.
OK, whenever you're ready, you
can take a minute to look at it
and OK.
Who? OK.
Well, the page starts it's.
#START_arrival_4 It's like a
black and white type of drawing
for the pictures.
It starts with a man who appears
to maybe be in the shower. He's
showering. He then is at the
sink where he is shaving,
shaving his face.
Uh. He then gets dressed. He
puts on a white button down
shirt and a dark colored vest
that he buttons. He then puts on
dark pants and ties his shoes.
He's wearing dark colored shoes.
He takes some money, which
appears to be bills and coins.
Then he picks up his hat.
And he looks at a map of some
sort. He has the map in his
hand.
And he is reading the map.
And there is.
I don't know what that is. Uh,
some kind of, I guess, animal
that is on the ground looking up
at him.
He appears to.
Then continue one past the
animal.
Um, and I can't tell if the
animals behind him following
him, but he then moves past the
animal.
There is then a picture of.
Some sort of industrialized.
I can't tell if it's a roadway,
but it's some kind of
passageway. It's either a
roadway or a waterway to
transport. There's some kind of
vehicle transport. It looks like
there's a big cup, several large
buildings, possibly factories,
because there's white clouds and
smoke.
Um, he then?
It appears he's looking at the
map again.
I cannot tell what language it
is or if it's uh like a coded
map, but he is. He is looking at
the map and he this little
animal is then next to him
again.
And then there is a bigger
picture of.
What appears to be a large
structure with openings that are
arched arched openings.
Umm.
And.
Flying through the air they look
like boats that have propellers,
so it's like a flying boat.
Or a flying ship.
And then on the ground there
are.
Cone like structures.
Several cone like structures.
That people are standing in
front of as if they were on a
train track, like a train track,
and there's people standing
there kind of waiting and
talking. Some people are reading
the newspaper. It appears that
there are maybe cats, maybe cats
wandering through as well on the
on the the track.
And I don't know what else to
describe. I mean I can try to
describe the cone in more
detail. Each cone has a
circular. It's not an opening,
but it opens. It doesn't go all
the way through. It looks like
it opens partially, but there
seems to be a circular opening
on each one of the cone
structures.
On this page.
Let's see, there we go. OK?
So the small animal that was
with the man.
Has now found another animal
that appears to possibly be some
kind of a.
A created bird type. It's almost
like a.
Like a bird with two ears that
point straight up, the first
animal has a tail that is kind
of long and curls over its head.
And it has a very long wide
mouth with shorter ears.
So the man is standing there
with his animal behind him,
looking at the map. And this
other animal there is a woman
wearing a long dress who has a
book in her hand, and they're
kind of standing next to each
other.
The man then it appears, to ask
the woman for some assistance in
deciphering or reading the map.
So she goes over and she is
pointing to.
See something on the map to show
the man?
And she appears to be.
Showing him.
It it's a picture, the picture
on the map looks like one of the
ships or the boats that has the
propellers on the back.
She then shows the man to
something that she points him
over to.
Something that looks like an old
style Rotary telephone. The
dials on that, but it's on. It's
on a long tubular.
That's a good. I don't know how
to describe that.
It's like a like almost like a
coffee urn or coffee pot. And
then on the front side it has a
round dial that's very similar
to like a Rotary phone. And she
pushes, I guess she pushes a
button on that Rotary and then
she pulls a handle that is on
the side of this tubular piece,
similar to like a.
A slot machine, kind of a
handle, and when she pulls the
lever out from this machine
comes a ticket, maybe looks like
possibly like a little ticket,
and she shows the ticket to the
man and then hands the ticket
over to the man. She then pulls
out what looks to be a pocket
watch and I'm assuming that
she's telling the man.
He's got to hurry to make the
the ride so the man follows. It
looks like he's.
Well, no, that's not right.
So then the.
They look up into the sky and
they can see these little ship
boats that have the propellers,
these flying little boat ships,
and they can look up and she is
pointing to the man, to one of
the boats.
So then.
They are standing there
watching.
I haven't felt.
They're watching all these boats
in the air, though. There is one
boat that she was pointing to
that comes closer and they are
standing there and the boat
must.
Set down on the next to the
track for people to board and
then the man follows the woman
along with the his little animal
friend and goes over and an
attendant looks like punches his
ticket and tells him that he can
board this flying ship or boat.
Cool.
So the man and his little animal
friend sit down on a bench next
to the woman who in her little
animal friend is on her lap.
There are other people that are
sitting around them, but they
continue to have a conversation
with each other.
And the woman?
Perhaps ask the man a question
and he goes into his jacket
pocket. He pulls out a piece of
paper.
And.
Shows the woman what appears to
be something similar to.
Like a passport, it has a photo
with some stamps and some
information, but it's on the
it's in the form of just a piece
of paper. It's not in a booklet
like a a passport book, some
kind of identification with a
picture of.
Some, I guess that is him. The
woman then says that she has one
as well and she reaches into her
bag and she pulls out a paper as
well with a young girl on it.
The.
It looks as if maybe they are
searching for these people.
Um, it then tells the story of
who this young girl is, and it
shows a different scene with the
picture, with this girl who's on
the picture of this paper
reading a book, and she looks as
if she's confined in some sort
of basement or dungeon.
Uh, she is reading a book, and
there is a set of hands that
comes and grabs her, and she's
very, very frightened. She does
not want to go with whoever is
grabbing her. The the hands take
the book out of. They take the
book from the girl, they put it
away into a drawer, and they
unlock a there's like a padlock
that the hands unlock. They
then.
Take a a shovel and put it in
the girl's hands and instruct
the girl to shovel.
Uh.
I would assume maybe coal into
what looks to be some kind of a
furnace. It's like a furnace
type structure and there's
around opening that has what
appears to be fire and she is
shoveling I guess maybe coal
into the fire.
Not willingly being forced to do
this. When she does that,
obviously smoke comes out and
kind of blows in her face and
she then has to climb up on a
ladder, the top part of this
furnace, and she sticks
something down the top chimney.
Uh, type thing that's on the top
of this furnace. I don't know
what that is. I don't know if
she's pushing something down or
cleaning it.
Yeah.
Am I doing OK so far? This is
weird. OK, OK, OK all right.
So now we get a bigger picture
of the girl on top of the she
where she's climbed up to like
the chimney on top of this
furnace, and we see that she is
in.
She is in just one small little
cubicle.
Where there are next to her and
across from her other little
cell. Or maybe a cell. Not a
cubicle, but other little cells.
Where each cell has this same
furnace with the same chimney,
and each cell also has a young
girl in each in each one that is
shoveling coal into the furnace.
So this is a very big some kind
of a big industrialized.
Camp or.
Or building where there's lot
each each each little cell
block.
As a has one girl and 1:00
furnace in it and they're
they're they're heating up the
furnaces. So then it shows her
sitting on the floor crying.
She's just in like a white long
white T-shirt. She's barefoot.
She has no other clothes on.
She is holding the she stands
up, she is holding the shovel
and she looks at the door and
she decides that she's going to
pry open the door with the
shovel to try to escape. She is
able to open up the door.
And she looks. She waits inside.
And then once the doors open,
she goes, she grabs.
Uh.
I don't know what she's grabbing
in that picture, but she
definitely goes and grabs her
book and then she leaves the
cell and she walks and she walks
out of whatever camp this is and
she is able to climb onto a
train like a a a train, one of
the little.
Carts box carts that goes on a
train. She's able to climb onto
the cart onto the train and she
sits down and sets her book down
and she's kind of huddled inside
of this cart and the train takes
her away from this camp.
Now we switch back to the man.
Um, and it shows this passenger
ship or boat, this flying
passenger ship. Maybe it's a
steamship?
And it shows it flying through.
It looks to what appears to be
some kind of a city flying into
a city. The man is still sitting
next to the woman with the
animals and she is pointing to
him. Then there is an attendant
who has like a megaphone who
makes an announcement. Must be
for the stop, and the ship docks
on another next to another
track.
And the man?
Shakes maybe shakes the hand of
the woman and thanks her for her
assistance, and the man and his
little animal walk away. They
get up, they walk away and exit
off of the ship. And then it
shows the man standing at the
top of a stairway, kind of
looking down into the center
part of this little city. It
shows other there's little
stairways.
It's, it's not flat.
It's got little.
Stairways, almost very European,
like almost kind of like Greece,
the way that you would have like
stairs that kind of go up and
down the little cities on the
hillsides, like in Greece. But
it's not Greece. There's other
people that appear to be kind of
walking, not a lot, but other
people that appear to be walking
on different paths and at the
center part of the city there
is.
A large animal, a very large
animal that is holding a bowl of
some, maybe some fruit, some
different shapes, and that's at
the center of the city. I cannot
tell if it's a structure or a
real animal, but it's very
large, very large inside. And
the man is standing at the top
of the stairs kind of looking
down on all of this in the city
with his little animal friend.
Next to him.
OK.
1 So the man and the animal,
they they continue to walk.
Um, they're walking now on a
lower part of the city, and
there's more people around
walking.
You know, buy them or standing
by them.
There are two men.
Who are having a conversation
off on one side there is a woman
that goes it must be cold
because she has on a hat and a
scarf and a coat. She goes to
some kind of a.
Maybe like a machine? Like a
self-service vending type of
machine. Um, and there's a A.
Compartment that is open.
And she is either putting
something in or taking something
out. There's also two men and
older man who is looking at what
appears to be a fish in some
kind of a box that maybe another
man is selling.
So the man in this, his little
animal friend, are walking
along. He has this book that
perhaps, maybe the woman gave
him.
And the book? When the book is
open, it looks as if he can.
Has pictures of like an apple,
maybe a a glass, like a jar of
milk.
Wedge of cheese, a loaf of
bread. Fish looks like some food
items, and perhaps it has the
name and the price of what they
are.
The little animal friend goes up
to a wall that has these
different compartments and
selects one of the compartments
and the man opens it up and it
appears to have in this drawer,
this little drawer it pulls out.
Something that kind of looks
like a strawberry with like a
curvy little tail.
Um.
The man then refers back to his
book and then picks one of these
little strawberry like things
out of the drawer.
Uh, or I'm sorry. There's a
little boy. There's a hand that
pulls one of these little
strawberry things out of the
drawer, and it is that of a
young boy. And the boy is
holding this strawberry.
To show the man, and there is an
older man that appears with the
boy and they're smiling and
waving. Umm, they appear to
offer the strawberry to the man
with the hat with his little
animal friend. And he says no
thank you, that's not what I'm
looking for. And he points to
the book to show them that he is
looking for a loaf of bread.
He then shows.
Chose them that he wants.
I don't know if he's showing
them his money or whether he's
trying to still show them that
he wants a loaf of bread like
sliced bread. So the what
appears to be the father of the
little boy, he goes over to the
this little wall or machine and
he points to a different
compartment and he opens that
door and out he grabs a.
I don't know what that is. It's,
uh, it's almost like a gourd.
Maybe like a gourd where the
tail like rather than ending,
the tail curls underneath
itself.
And he holds this out smiling,
showing the man. The man then
has it in his hands and it
appears as if he is maybe taking
a bite of the gourd and then the
little boy is holding an empty
basket this this wide empty
basket. The man then puts this
gourd like thing in the basket
and carries it and proceeds to
walk off.
With the man and his son while
they're talking.
Then the father of the boy
pulls out from another
compartment.
Uh, something that kind of looks
like a shrimp. And he's holding
this, uh, this shrimp in his
hand. The boy is then holding a
another item that he grabs out
of the compartment.
And I'm oh, this is hard. It's
kind of it's long. It's long and
narrow, kind of like the shape
of like a trumpet, like the way
that it flares at the end.
And and then it flashes back to
the father, opening a different
drawer and pulling out some kind
of a little.
Bush, uh, of some sort has
leaves, but they're they're
tight together, kind of like an
artichoke.
Then the boy is holding what
appears to kind of be a like a
big strawberry. Like very large.
He's got his arms wrapped around
it.
And then it shows a different
item that they're holding.
Something that has these little
like maybe tentacles, kind of
like an octopus coming out of
it. The father is then holding.
Something that is long and
striped, almost kind of like a
snake, but it doesn't have an
animal head. I believe it's some
kind of food that you would eat,
has kind of like a rounded bulb
bubbler.
Umm.
I don't know what the heck that
is. It it does kind of cut off
on there, then the dad pulls
out.
Kind of looks like a fish with
spikes.
Um, and they cut open.
Some kind of gourd or cucumber
kind of similar thing. He cuts,
he must cut it or open it in
half and he offers it to the
man.
The little boy is eating the.
Initial strawberry like thinking
with the curved tail, he begins
to eat that and then the man
with the hat takes a bite of
this cucumber like thing that
the father gave him.
And tries that.
The boy then gives a piece of
his food to the man's little
animal friend to feed him, and
the man takes all of the
different things that they took
from the compartments.
In the basket. He is carrying
them in the basket.
The father, or I'm sorry, the
boy whispered something to his
father, and then the father.
Smiles and puts his arm around
the man, each of them both
carrying a basket filled with
different foods. And then the
boy is carrying a basket of food
and he is pointing down to the
ships that are a little further
down below them.
And then we see a picture of
down below, looking at the
ships, kind of looking up at
this city from the center part,
kind of looking up the hill, and
the two men and the animal
friend and the little boy are
walking in towards the ships.
OK.
Umm, let's see. The boy,
carrying a basket along with the
little animal, heads to one of
the ships where there is like
some kind of a vase, like a
ceramic pot vase. He then waves
them on and sets his basket down
on the ship. And inside of the
vase you can tell there's a
little tail of some sort. It's
so it's a long, curvy, spiky
little tail.
And he's showing the man with
the hat. And the man in the hat
drops his basket and the the
food kind of on top of the boat.
And it startled by what is in
this vase. And the boy giggles.
And the father comes over, puts
his arm around the man to
reassure him that everything is
OK. And then he says, look,
look. And the boy pulls out a
little animal.
Maybe his pet that kind of looks
like.
Like a fox or a cat, it's got
dark eyes, it's got dark ears,
and the top part of its head is
dark, but it has white coloring
along the sides and around its
eyes.
And so is it was the tail of
this little animal that was
sticking out of the vase. So the
animal looks friendly. The
little boy is holding the animal
and he goes over to the man and
the animal kind of peers in
towards the man, and they decide
to put this little animal down
next to the man's animal so that
they can say hello and get
acquainted.
Um, the so the animals kind of
look at each other and say hi.
Then the father and the man pick
up all of the things that fell
out of the basket.
And the man says to the father.
Maybe says I'm sorry and the
father says no, don't worry
about it. The man then looks up.
And pulls out his book and he
starts to draw inside of the
book and he draws.
Some houses.
And then above the houses, he
draws a tail that is very
similar to the tail of this
little animal that belongs to
the little boy, and he shows it
to the father.
And then the father.
Uh.
The father kind of has maybe
like a puzzled look, like a.
Like a quizzical look on his
face. I'm not sure. I'd maybe
when we get to the next page
I'll be able to tell what's
going on. But the father is
looking up with his, his hands
kind of out in front of him, and
he's looking at something very
bright. You can see in his eye
the reflection of something very
bright. #END_arrival_4
OK, so that was that part of the
story, why don't we, OK who 5
minute break OK until 7:25 and
then we'll at 8, OK.
Cool. That is fine, yeah.
OK.
OK, so.
This is the next part of the
story. OK. It's not necessarily
in order, but in order, OK.
#START_arrival_2 So we now have
a scene of.
Would appears to be people.
Perhaps on one of these steam
flying steam ships?
Uh, the people have.
Some kind of scarf or shawl
that's kind of draped over their
head.
They are sitting next to their
luggage.
Maybe I'm thinking, maybe it's
women. Maybe it's women dressed
with some kind of head covering.
And then there are three men who
are in suits wearing hats that
appear to be sitting either
across from them or next to
them. There's a woman who has a
baby in her arms. There is the
man.
I believe this system, man.
From that we were watching
before. He is sitting on top of
his luggage with his his book or
his his book of blank paper, and
he's writing something in the
book. And then he writes a
message on a piece of paper. He
tears the page out of the book
and he begins to fold the paper
into origami and he folds the
paper into.
Like a crane crane origami. He
then holds the origami up in his
hand and he hears something and
he turns around or maybe he's
waiting for the for the plane to
to to come. He then turns his
his head around and looks back.
He picks he stands up, holding
the book in the origami and his
other hand.
And then he.
I don't know. I'm confused as to
whether that's him or whether
that's one of the boys. But then
we see the man, a closer shot of
his face, and he is looking up.
The sun is shining down, it's
bright. So he's looking up with
his hand over his eyes so that
he can see. And we see a close
up of people on this flying
steamship standing around and.
There are these insects that are
flying over them.
The insects appear to.
Be similar to in shape. Be
similar in shape to that of the
dragonfly with but the. But as
you get closer you see that it
is different than a dragonfly.
It's almost like a.
1/3 of a plate like a porcelain
style plate for the wings and
then it has a very.
Very narrow, pointed.
Head and beak with an eye and
there's all of these things are
just flying over these people.
There's a a swarm of them flying
over this this flying boat, and
the people are all standing up
and looking at these things fly
over them.
It's.
OK, so now we see from a
different view, but above the
people standing on this flying
steamship.
We can see off in the distance
that they are approaching a
different city and there's tall
skyscrapers and buildings in
this city. They're also in
between the ship and the city
port. There are other boats and
ships that are out on the water,
some of them small, kind of like
sailboat type boats, some kind
of medium size and others look
like big massive.
Um, ships that are out just
outside of the city in the water
and then from a different angle
we can see this.
Steamboat that is on the water
and the people are are in still
in their flying Steamboat kind
of looking over down at the
water where their Steamboat is,
but behind the Steamboat there
are these two very large.
Statue there. There's two very
large boats and each boat is
holding a man.
Who has on it? Each one has a
different hat. One man is
holding an apple in one hand
with a little bird on his
shoulder. The other man appears
to have.
Either a like maybe a mouse in
one hand and the men are shaking
hands and then inside of their
boat they have some luggage. The
man with the mouse also has a
teacup, a basket with possibly
some food and a vase of some
sort. And then the other man has
a cone, one of those cone shaped
buildings that had the little
circular partial opening. He has
a teapot.
And what appears to be like a
big just kind of like an ice
bucket. But he has that in his
ship and the men are.
Extending out their hands and
shaking hands with the cityscape
behind them.
Now we move on to a different
view of.
From the water up looking up at
this big flying ship that has
now because it's gotten close to
the city has now touched down
into the water and you can see
the swarm of those little dragon
fly, insect lake or dragonfly
like insects that has has flown
over the ship and they are now.
Past the ship in front of it,
heading down towards the water
and you can see all of the
people out on on the ship
looking over as they approach
this city.
Uh, when they get, when they
when the ship docks and they
they get to that port, the ship
docks. You can see the man among
other people, and you can see
the attendant has his megaphone
and he is calling and making an
announcement that they are going
to be opening the doors and
letting everybody off. And then
you see them actually unlock the
gate to the ship. You see the
man grabbed his suitcase.
And along with the other
travellers on this ship, he
perceives to deboard this ship.
And then once they're off the
ship, there is a long line of
all the travelers carrying their
luggage, and they're waiting.
They're waiting for something.
#END_arrival_2
OK, this, as you can tell, it's
a different story, different
story. OK all right, so now we.
Um, now we have a.
#START_flowerman A different
story. We have a pretty much
black and white, also some kind
of illustration that's black and
white. It's a little bit more.
It does have little color
though, because the sky in this
is kind of like a deep purple,
and then there are patches of a
lighter purple to illustrate
either light or clouds like off
in the sky.
But the and that's kind of at
the top part of the picture. The
rest of the picture is still
black and white.
And we see in color a man what
appears to be in.
I can't tell if it's an older
man or an older woman, but we'll
say an older man right now.
Wearing a black, kind of like a
little Black Hat, an orange
scarf and a green jacket. Looks
like he might be carrying
something blue, maybe an
umbrella, and quite possibly has
some luggage with him. And it
appears that he has a little
animal, maybe a little dog
that's walking next to him, and
he is. He has. There's a picture
at the bottom of the at the
bottom of the picture there is a
car that has gone off of the.
Gravel, roadway and down, kind
of like an embankment into a
grassy area.
So the man has taken, we assume
that he was in that car, he has
taken his belongings and this
little animal and they've
traveled, they left, they got
out of the car, walked along the
road and they are going over
like a little cobblestone type
of bridge that has St lamps at
each each corner and he is
heading down on the other side
of that bridge over to what
appears to be.
A little a little city.
Neighborhood. There's a Ferris
wheel in the back. There's a gas
station with an attendant there
and some buildings that look
like maybe houses or apartments,
as well as some other little
shops. And he's tonight time, so
he's heading over towards the
gas station on a different in a
different.
Scene there is kind of another
shot of this village. There is a
bar, there is a truck parked
along this little St next to a
bait shop. And there is another
man who seems to be walking
along the sidewalk to this town.
So again, it's dark outside. The
man makes his way into one of
the streets, kind of lit by the
street street lights kind of
guiding his way. And he.
I don't know. I don't know if
that's a hotel or an apartment
or around the corner there are.
Maybe. I don't know if that's
maybe a man and a woman off
around the corner and another
scene we see.
A different part of the town
where there's a cafe, people are
inside the cafe. You can see in
through the windows. There's
somebody outside the cafe, it
looks like possibly smoking a
cigarette. There's a man on a
motorcycle driving along the
road, as well as a kid with the
backpack maybe walking down the
sidewalk. There's also a man in
a truck and some people out on a
balcony and one of the adjacent
buildings.
Great.
So the man makes his way down
down the street to a small
little house. It's really kind
of like a very small house slash
shack. It's kind of old and
falling apart. The.
Shutters on the windows are
falling off.
It looks like maybe even there
aren't any windows in the front
and it looks like it's maybe
vacant. There is a for sale
sign. The grass is overgrown,
but the man makes his way and
stops at this little house that
appears to be vacant.
We also see a scene of.
Another part of the street with
people in their homes and
apartments, we can see into the
windows.
We see a woman carrying some
things into her front door, some
people sitting.
Uh, down on a wait. What? Used
to be a fountain, but there's no
water in there. It's almost as
if there's no kind of like
things have stopped working and
things are out, like not kept up
very well, not maintained, and
people are just.
Kind of hanging out, it appears.
Yeah.
So the man.
Stops at the house and we see
what appears to maybe be the
next day again. Black and white.
Everything's black and white.
Kind of not lively. People are
just kind of there. But we do
see from the sky that it is now
blue and there are white clouds
in there. So it's daytime and we
see the man in in the front yard
of this little house, and he
has.
The house has now turned from
black and white to color, just
like the man was in color, as
did a tree that is behind the
house on his property.
So we can see him out front. He
has mowed the grass, he has his
lawn mower there. He has his
little doggie there. The the
fence is now colored. He has a
bag that he has pulled weeds
from. He has a garden hose where
he's watered the grass and he
has taken the shutters that were
falling off the windows and he
is on a ladder putting the
shutters back up on the House
and we can see.
Inside the house, some colors we
can see the tree is multi
colored. It's got red, orange,
green, white. The roof is
turning like a starting to turn
from like a grayish brown to a
purple color. And the shutters
are blue. They match the color
of the man's shirt. So he's kind
of bringing life to this house
and trying to fix it back up.
And there's people all around
him on the street kind of going
on with their day, but they're
all.
Still kind of just there. Their
facial expressions are kind of
sad or gloomy or.
Maybe a little zombie lake and
everything else is black and
white. They're still living in
kind of like a a dead black and
white.
Life and then we see another
shot.
So it's the same the other image
that we just saw prior to
people, again, kind of out and
about, but still all
everything's black and white.
They're just kind of sad and
kind of gloomy.
Now we see a picture of the man
in his front yard and not only
is the house.
Definitely in better shape. You
know he's mowed the grass and
he's put the shutters back up.
He has planted flowers in little
window boxes and for the front
side of the windows he has put
flowers along the fence line.
The roof of the the house is now
a pretty royal purple and the
chimney even is colorful. The
tree that was kind of multi
colored has even become more
colorful.
Just more red and orange and
yellow. He's even planted some
flower boxes on the top windows
of the house, and we can see
inside of the house that there's
furniture and there's life
there. Again. There's a very
nice upholstered chair in the
living room and the other room.
It appears to be like a dining
table and chair in his dining
room. Slash kitchen area. He's
even put up. Maybe it was there
before, but there's even.
A mailbox along the edge of his
property. And he is as he's
putting these flowers on his
fence, he's waving to somebody
in the street.
Then we see the same other
picture before with all the
people, kind of just going
through the motions of life.
Everything is still black and
white, but there's a little girl
holding one of the flowers that
she was given to by the man, and
when he gave her that flower,
she now appears in color. You
can tell she has red hair and a
Coney tail. She's got any yellow
shirt, a blue skirt, and she's
holding a little pink flower
that the man.
Pads.
Wow. Next thing you know.
The man has really inspired um.
Some of the people in that were
around you know in the in the
street and some of his neighbors
and they have now turned to
color. You can tell that
there's.
A man that is standing outside
of the property from this older
gentleman who is holding one of
the flowers that he gave him.
There's another little girl who
is leaning down petting a dog,
and she has a flower in her
hair. There is the little girl.
The little redhead is holding a
basket of some sort and she is
hugging an older man with a dog.
You can see some of the people
have now there's a clown.
Uh, some of the people have now
turned to color that have
engaged or interacted with this
man, and even the buildings
around him are starting to turn
to color. There's a building
across the way that has a
Coca-Cola written on the
outside. Perhaps it's a a bar on
the bottom and apartments up
top, but you can see the people
inside. The apartments are now
colored. The the shutters are
now red. There's a man on the
third floor of that building
that has an old another older
man.
She's got a window box full of
flowers and two of the other
buildings. You can see some of
the apartments and the people
have now turned to color and
their shutters are colored. You
can see inside of their
apartment. So there's there's
some life coming to the people
and in this town.
Let me see another picture of
the other side of the street we
can see.
Some movers, movers and shakers,
which is a moving company, so
there's a moving van. This also
is still partially black and
white. But again, there have
been people who have received a
flower from this man, because
everybody who's in color appears
to have a flower. So there's an
older lady who is now turned to
color. She's got a flower in her
hands.
Even one of the movers is now in
color because he's got a flower.
There's a man who is sitting on
the 2nd floor of one of the
buildings, appears like maybe in
his bathtub, and he's got a
flower. So basically everybody
who gets a flower from this,
from this older man at the
little house, turns to color and
kind of comes to life and and
becomes happy. You can see that
they're facial expressions.
They're much happier. They're
smiling. They're grateful,
they're laughing.
And in the areas that they live,
when they turn to color, their
homes or their little apartments
all turned to color as well.
Now we can see um.
Let me just look at it really
carefully now. We can see almost
every person that is out in the
streets has a flower and has
turned to color. And you can see
that people are engaging with
one another. There's kids with,
you know, one kids offering
another kid a ball who's they've
got a dog with them. There's a
man in a wheelchair that a woman
is pushing and he's stopping
and.
It's getting a flower from, uh,
a little girl on the street just
outside of the house. The older
man. There's a woman there
holding a baby, and the man is
tossing a very small little boy
up. He's actually got his grill
on and he's cooking. He's
actually grilling out. There is
a milk truck. There's somebody
playing the guitar outside of
the little bar, but the whole
little area has become nice and.
Colorful and alive again and
people are happy and engaging
and interacting with one
another. And then we look to the
other side of the street as
well. And that has also turned
pretty much to all color. The
clown is got his little cart
with his tricks and all his
little goodies and he's
entertaining a little girl.
There is a kid in the fountain.
The fountain now has water and
it's spraying out. There's a kid
actually in the fountain.
Smiling and laughing and playing
in the water there is um.
There's a man sitting on his on
his step.
Who has lost part of his, his
lower leg on one of his legs,
and he's sitting on the step
with his crutch and he's telling
a story to some of the kids and
another older man. There's also
a man out on the street with
paintings, and he's got them on
an easel and he's waving to
people. The postman is coming
around delivering letters.
People are in their apartments.
There's a man in their his
apartment, he's painting a
picture.
Just again, vibrancy and life.
And now this whole little town
has come to life, and it's
colorful and alive again.
Yeah.
Now we can see that the sun is
setting, so the sky is starting
to get a little bit darker. Go
from blue to kind of a pinkish
color. There's not as much
light, but people are yet still
out. There's a man with two kids
on the roof with a telescope,
and he's looking up at the sky
to show the children. There's a
man in the woman just sitting
out on the top of their roof,
just kind of.
Um, holding each other and
looking out over the town? Um.
A woman with her feet inside of
the fountain um.
And then people just still kind
of out and about on the streets,
even though it's night time. And
the other picture we can see the
man who is in the wheelchair and
he is running and kind of
playing ball with some of the
kids. He's, he's in his
wheelchair, but he's Wheeling
himself and he must have had
surgery or broken his leg
because he's got it in a cast,
but he's Wheeling himself with
the kids and they're kind of
running and chasing after a
ball.
And then there's just, you know,
there's a man sitting out with
his dog on, on one of the steps
of the fire escape, there's a
woman who.
Is holding some kind of maybe
some kind of food who's coming
out of the house. But every
every little apartment has
something going on, and it's
colorful and it's vibrant.
There are people on this side
dancing and playing guitar.
There's an older couple kind of
just walking together, happy,
and they've the man has flowers,
a mother with her baby and her
little daughter walking down the
street. But they're playing and
they're they're enjoying life
and they're enjoying each other.
Now we can tell that it's
getting even later in the
evening. Everything is still in
color. There are not as many
people out on the streets, but
there are still a few people in
there with their windows open.
Umm, and.
There is a man out on the
street, but we do see the older
gentleman. He has taken his dog
and his belongings and his
umbrella and he is leaving. He
is walking. Oh, sorry. He is
walking away from his little
house and down the little
cobblestone Rd back towards the
way that he came in. Umm, he's
walking by a little shop that
has that's a soda fountain and
ice cream shop, but you do see.
There are a couple of windows
that when you look inside have
been turned to black and white
again.
In the next picture we see
outside of the cafe.
Some people out on the street
hanging out. There's a man on
the motorcycle. Above the cafe
is a couple. They're inside
their apartment dancing. Another
woman is just kind of gazing out
her window, smiling and watching
everything.
Um.
And people are just still kind
of enjoying each other in some
of these, some of these little
apartments and balconies.
Huh. So now we have a scene.
That is, it looks like maybe a
different part of the town or a
different town.
And we see it's all black and
white again, except for the sky.
The sky is either a dark purple
or kind of like a lighter
colored purple with some clouds.
But it's very similar to the
beginning of this, of the story
when the people are kind of
inside kind of gloomy looks on
their faces. Everything's black
and white, and they're just kind
of there.
Uh, existing. But in the next
page we see, we see another
House, black and White House,
but we see the man and it has a
for sale sign. And we see the
man stop in front. He is
colorful again. We see the man
stop in front of the house with
his belongings, his umbrella,
and his little dog. And they
stop in front of this House and
we can see the neighbors are
appearing out their windows
wondering who this man is.
And the man stops. And one of
the neighbors was a little girl.
And she comes down and she, the
man gives her a flower and she
turns to color. She has a little
mouse on her shoulder. And she
and the mouse turned to color,
and she's got these big wide.
Open eyes, big Big Blue eyes
that are open and her mouth is
open and she's smiling and she's
got this Pretty Little purple
flower that she's holding. And
then the downstairs neighbor was
also given a flower by the man.
He has a red flower and he is
now turned to color and he is
looking outside watching this
little girl smile at her flower
as the man proceeds to walk past
them with his belongings and his
dog. #END_flowerman
OK. So that was all that we have
today. Thank you. OK, sure.
Recorder.